Update to frigate+ documentation (#11371)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/plus/improving_model.md

**Make tight bounding boxes**: Tighter bounding boxes improve the recognition and ensure that accurate bounding boxes are predicted at runtime.

> **Label the full object even when occluded**: If you have a person standing behind a car, label the full person even though a portion of their body may be hidden behind the car. This helps predict accurate bounding boxes and improves zone accuracy and filters at runtime. If an object is partly out of frame, label it only when it is at least 60-80% visible.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Label the full object even when occluded**: If you have a person standing behind a car, label the full person even though a portion of their body may be hidden behind the car. This helps predict accurate bounding boxes and improves zone accuracy and filters at runtime. If an object is partly out of frame, label it only when a person would reasonably be able to recognize the object from the visible parts.

```

Misidentified objects should have a correct label added. For example, if a person was mistakenly detected as a cat, you should submit it as a false positive in Frigate and add a label for the person. The boxes will overlap.

![add image](/img/plus/false-positive-overlap.jpg)

## Shortcuts for a faster workflow

> - Pressing 's' will switch to the next label for the current box
> - Pressing 'd' will mark the selected box difficult
> - Pressing 'Tab' cycles to the next bounding box (largest to smallest)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Shortcut Key|Description|
|-----|--------|
|`?`|Show all keyboard shortcuts|
|`w`|Add box|
|`d`|Toggle difficult|
|`s`|Switch to the next label|
|`tab`|Select next largest box|
|`del`|Delete current box|
|`esc`|Deselect/Cancel|
|`← ↑ → ↓`|Move box|
|`Shift + ← ↑ → ↓`|Resize box|
|`-`|Zoom out|
|`=`|Zoom in|
|`f`|Hide/show all but current box|
|`spacebar`|Verify and save|
```
